[APM][.NET] Release 2.28.0 changes (#17671)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_config/dotnet-core.md

**Example**: `mysql:main-mysql-db, mongodb:offsite-mongodb-service`<br>
The `from-key` value is specific to the integration type, and should exclude the application name prefix. For example, to rename `my-application-sql-server` to `main-db`, use `sql-server:main-db`. Added in version 1.23.0

`DD_HTTP_SERVER_TAG_QUERY_STRING`

> : When set to `true` query string parameters are added to the http.url tag. You can find more details in [Redacting the query in the url][14].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: When set to `true`, the `http.url` includes query string parameters. You can find more details in [Redacting the query in the url][14].
```

**Default**: `true`

`DD_HTTP_SERVER_TAG_QUERY_STRING_SIZE`

> : When `DD_HTTP_SERVER_TAG_QUERY_STRING` is true, sets the max size of the querystring to report, before obfuscation. Set 0 for no limit in size<br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: When `DD_HTTP_SERVER_TAG_QUERY_STRING` is true, the max size of the querystring to report is set, before obfuscation. Set 0 for no limit in size<br>
```
